Description:
Because of the variation in FA stratum textures and props, it didn't make sense to randomly select a 
bunch of textures and throw them together.  The result would have likely been quite hideous.  To address
this problem, I used tilesets.  A tileset is a collection of stratum textures and map props defined in 
an XML file.  Initially, I dumped the stratum and props from each official map into seperate tilesets.  The
Map Generator would then randomly pick one for use with a map.  This works pretty well.  However, the official maps
only have 4 stratum.  Since I'd like to have the option of using all 8, the dataset from the official maps will not
work.  That means, I need people to compile sets of stratum and props that will look good together.
The more tilesets that are available, the more varied the appearance of the maps will be.


Rules for strata:
Lower Stratum  (i.e. Stratum 0, base stratum):
The base stratum determines the environment type for the map.  If the base stratum is from the lava environment,
the map will have a lava environment cube, a lava sky cube, a lava planet background, and a lava water ramp.  Keep this in
mind when choosing the base stratum.

Stratum 1:
Map noise/optional texture 1
The map template may use this texture anywhere on the map to provide variation from base stratum.

Stratum 2:
Map noise/optional texture 2
The map template may use this texture anywhere on the map to provide variation from base stratum.

Stratum 3:
Beach.  This texture will be used in areas adjacent to the water level (if a map has water).  If the map does
not have water, this texture could still be used for sandy areas.

Stratum 4:
Low lying terrain.  For vegetation maps, this will probably be grass or forest.  Other environments will
have different options.

Stratum 5:
Middle altitude terrain
An in-between layer for transition between low and high altitude.

Stratum 6:
High altitude terrain.  For maps with vegetation, this would be the area above the treeline.
Usually this will be a rock texture, but that is not required.

Stratum 7:
Snow.  If the map has snow, this is the primary texture that should be used for it.
(additional snow layers can be used in the set in the lower stratum if an ice type planet is desired)

Stratum 8:
Cliff/Rock.  This texture will be used for very steep slopes on a map.  It is the top layer, and will paint above 
everything else.

Upper Stratum (i.e. macro texture):
Since this is applied as a normal map, the choice for this layer is completely aestetic.  Pick one that
works well with the underlying strata.


Rules for props:
There are no rules for props.  Choose some that look nice with the selected strata.  Currently, the map generator
only places trees and rocks, so any other types of props will be ignored.


How to build a tileset:
1. Build the Tileset Utility from source code.  If you want a prebuilt binary so you can skip this step, let me know and I'll 
   consider adding one to the distribution.

2. Open the official map editor.
3. Open or create a map.
4. Select textures for all strata using the rules above.
5. When done, click "File->Export->Theme.  Save the lua file into the "TilesetData-8 Import" folder.  The name on the file will
   also be used to name the tileset, so choose something that will be unique (i.e. Lava-Tileset-428.lua, etc).

6. Next, add props to the map.   You only need to add one of each prop you want to be used.  The position of the props
   will not matter.

7. When done, click "File->Export->Props.  Save that lua file in the "TilesetData-8 Import" as well.
   The props lua file must have the name of the strata file with "-Props" appended (i.e. Lava-Tileset-428-Props.lua).

8. Run the BuildTilesetFiles batch script in the "TilesetData-8 Import" folder.  This will produce one xml tileset file
   for each stratum/prop lua file pair.

9. To add your XML tileset files into the main tileset file, run the CompileTilesetFiles batch script.  This script
   will append all XML tilesets in the import folder to the existing TilesetData-8.xml file.  Tilesets with duplicate names
   will be excluded.